Do-while loop to ensure repeatability:
    Open student data file.
    If student data file cannot open:
        Display error message and exit the program.
    Skip the header line of the student data file.
    Initialize arrays for student IDs, quiz scores, midterm scores, final scores.
    Initialize variables for total scores, highest/lowest final scores and IDs.
    Display table headers for student data
    For each student:
        Read student ID from student data file.
        If ID is invalid or not unique:
            Display error and ask for input again.
        Read Quiz 1 score from student data file.
        If the score is invalid (not between 0 and 100):
            Display error and ask for input again.
        Read Quiz 2 score from student data file.
        If the score is invalid (not between 0 and 100):
            Display error and ask for input again.
        Read Midterm score from student data file.
        If the score is invalid (not between 0 and 100):
            Display error and ask for input again.
        Read final score from student data file.
        If the score is invalid (not between 0 and 100):
            Display error and ask for input again.
        Add scores to student's total.
        Add scores to tests' totals.
        Display student's scores.
    Display averages for each exam (rounded to 1 decimal).
    Display total and average score for each student.
    Find highest final score and list of students with that score.
    Find lowest final score and list of students with that score.
    Display highest final score and student IDs.
    Display lowest final score and student IDs.

    Do-while loop for repeatability:
        Prompt user to input a student ID.
        If ID not found:
            Display error and ask again.
        Else:
            Display that student's individual scores.
        Ask if user wants to see another student's score.
        Repeat loop if user responds 'y'.
    Close student data file.
    Ask if user wants to run the entire program again.
    Repeat loop if user responds 'y'.